Assume that this a Code snippet from an InboxActivity.java file within an email app.
Now, there's a lot of code here with concepts you haven't learned before.
So, it's okay if you didn't get this one correct,
let's walk through it together.
First, we create an integer variable called numberOfEmailsInInbox.
We initialize the variable to have a value of zero.
Then we create another integer variable called the numberOfDraftEmails,
and we initialize that to have a value of two.
Next, we create a string variable called emailMessage, and the value is,
"You have blank emails.",
where blank is actually a variable referring to a numberOfEmailsInInbox.
So this evaluates to,
"You have zero emails",
because this variable has a value of zero.
Next, we have another string variable called draftMessage.
The value is, "You have blank email drafts."
Blank actually refers to a number of draft emails,
and this has a value of two.
So this right hand side maps to,
"You have 2 email drafts."
So far, we have four variables,
and nothing has been printed to the logs yet.
Now we have an 'if' statement.
There is no Else block of code down here and that's perfectly fine.
This statement reads, If the number of emails in inbox equals zero,
then perform the code within these opening and closing braces.
We remember that numberOfEmailsInInbox is equal to zero,
so this code in the opening and closing braces would get executed.
It simply updates the emailMessage variable to say,
"You have no new messages."
Okay, so we know that the latest value of emailMessage is,
"You have no new messages",
and the latest value of draftMessage is up here,
"You have 2 email drafts."
Let's continue reading. There's another 'if' statement down here.
If the number of draftEmails equals zero,
then perform the code within the opening and closing braces.
However, number of draft emails has a value of two.
That means this condition here is false,
and we can skip this block of code.
Therefore, the draftMessage variable stays at the value of,
"You have 2 email drafts."
It does not update to this new message.
Finally, we're back in the regular execution flow of the method.
There's no more if statements,
and we can run this line of code,
which prints to the logs.
It prints the email message to the logs,
and then next, it prints the draftMessage to the logs.
At this point in time, emailMessage says,
"You have no new messages",
and draftMessage says, "You have 2 email drafts."
Looking at our choices,
option C is what we want.
Option A is incorrect because we don't print out the message at every point in time.
We only have two lines of code that print to the logs.
Option B is incorrect,
because the email message string gets updated within the 'if' statement,
and there's actually two email drafts not zero email drafts.
So the second log statement is also incorrect.
That leaves the remaining correct choice option C.